Fixes to arcadiathemeR materials and uploading recordings (#89)
Arcadia-Science/arcadia-computational-training: docs/arcadia-users-group/overview.md

| Date         | Tutorial            | Description   |
| ------------ | ------------------- | ------------- |

> | Mar 5, 2024  | [GitHub Templates: new repos with set structures](20240305-github-templates/lesson.md) | This lesson provides an overview of how to create a new repository from a GitHub template. Using a Python analysis repository as an example, it walks through the function of each file in the template and the benefits that come from using templates.|

Reviewer: Can you also move this down so it follows reverse chronological order in the table below?

Author: fixed

| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Jul 30, 2024 | Making figures in [python with arcadia-pycolor](./20240730-arcadia-pycolor/lesson.md) and in [R with arcadiathemeR](./20240730-arcadiathemer/20240730-arcadiathemer.md) | This lesson covers how to make figures in python and R that adhere to Arcadia's style guidelines using the arcadia-pycolor and arcadiathemeR packages, respectively. | [recording](https://youtu.be/cDkuVdi6ApU) |

> | Jul 23, 2024 | Introduction to Design Principles | This lesson is an overview to introductory design principles and different components to consider when creating figures and illustrations.| [recording](https://youtu.be/np4i5_Yc6Bc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Jul 23, 2024 | Introduction to Design Principles | This lesson gives an introduction to design principles and different components to consider when creating figures and illustrations.| [recording](https://youtu.be/np4i5_Yc6Bc) |
```
